# Transparent background theme by Marcin Micha≈Çowski

background           =  default default
frame                =  magenta default bold
window_title         =  white default bold
directory            =  blue default
selected_directory   =  yellow black
playlist             =  white default bold
selected_playlist    =  red black bold
file                 =  white default
selected_file        =  yellow black
marked_file          =  yellow default bold
marked_selected_file =  yellow black bold
info                 =  magenta default
selected_info        =  magenta black
marked_info          =  magenta default bold
marked_selected_info =  magenta black bold
status               =  white default
title                =  white default bold
state                =  white default bold
current_time         =  yellow default
time_left            =  magenta default
total_time           =  black default bold
time_total_frames    =  white default
sound_parameters     =  white default bold
legend               =  white default
disabled             =  black default bold
enabled              =  white default bold
empty_mixer_bar      =  white default
filled_mixer_bar     =  black cyan
empty_time_bar       =  white default
filled_time_bar      =  black black bold
entry                =  white default
entry_title          =  black cyan
error                =  red default bold
message              =  green default bold
plist_time           =  white default bold
